Added New Term Entry HTML: Tags: `<q>` tag (#542)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/q/q.md

---
Title: '<q>'
Description: 'Used to represent a brief inline quotation.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<q>` tag is used to represent a brief inline quotation.

> It accepts a `cite` attribute which will link to a source, providing further context for the quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It accepts a `cite` attribute which will link to a source that provides further context for the quotation.
```

Author: Corrected.

> The `<q>` tag is used to represent a brief inline quotation, as opposed the [`<blockquote>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags/blockquote) being used for longer ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<q>` tag is used to represent a brief inline quotation, as opposed to the [`<blockquote>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags/blockquote) being used for longer ones.
```

## Syntax

```html

> <q cite=""><!-- brief quotation goes inside the tag --></q>

Reviewer 2: For these comments, I'm thinking that we should capitalize the first word and end with a punctuation~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<q cite=""><!-- Brief quotation goes inside the tag. --></q>
```

```

> The `<q>` tag requires an opening and closing tag wrapped around a line of text. By default, the browser will render this enclosed in quotation marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<q>` tag requires an opening and closing tag wrapped around a line of text. The browser will automatically enclose the text in quotation marks.
```

Author: Corrected.

> Its `cite` attribute should be a valid URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cite` attribute should be a valid URL.
```

## Example

```html
<!-- The text between the q tags will be surrounded by quotation marks -->
<p>
  The World Wide Web Consortium's idea of the Web includes

>   <q cite="https://www.w3.org/Consortium/mission"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <q cite="https://www.w3.org/Consortium/mission">
```

>     >participation, sharing knowledge, and thereby building trust on a global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    participation, sharing knowledge, and thereby building trust on a global
```

>     scale.</q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    scale.</q>
```

>   >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: '<q>'
Description: 'Used to represent a brief inline quotation.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Attributes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `<q>` tag is used to represent a brief inline quotation.
> It accepts a `cite` attribute which will link to a source that provides further context for the quotation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `<q>` tag is used to represent a brief inline quotation, as opposed the [`<blockquote>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags/blockquote) being used for longer ones.

```

## Syntax

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

The `<q>` tag requires an opening and closing tag wrapped around a line of text. The browser will automatically enclose the text in quotation marks:

```

Author: Hey @Dusch4593 - apologies for missing this one. Before I commit and to ensure I understand correctly, should the final result look like this: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39813213/156812728-aa648561-5726-4dff-b829-0d187641e0ac.png)

Reviewer 3: Yep, that's right! 👍

```html

> <q><!-- brief quotation goes inside the tag --></q>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<q cite=""><!-- brief quotation goes inside the tag --></q>
```

```

> The `<q>` tag requires an opening and closing tag wrapped around a line of text. The browser will automatically enclose the text in quotation marks.
> 
> The `cite` attribute should be a valid URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It accepts a `cite` attribute that links to a valid URL that provides further context for the quotation.
```

## Example

```html
<!-- The text between the q tags will be surrounded by quotation marks -->
<p>
  The World Wide Web Consortium's idea of the Web includes
  <q cite="https://www.w3.org/Consortium/mission">
    participation, sharing knowledge, and thereby building trust on a global
    scale.
  </q>
  One can't help but agree with it!
</p>

> ```

Reviewer 3: Could we include an image of what the rendered text would look like on a browser? (preferably .jpg or .png)

Author: Hi @Dusch4593, where I should store the image?

Reviewer 3: You can save it either as a `.jpg` or `.png` file and save it in the folder for your PR branch (`terms/q/`). And then you add it with the usual ![...](...) markdown image syntax.

Author: Thank you! Addressing these changes today.
